docs: add Tigris as S3-compatible storage backend, fix s3 region field name (#15361)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/administrator/configurations/configurations.md

- `SVR_HTTP_PORT`
  The port used to expose RAGFlow's HTTP API service to the host machine, allowing **external** access to the service running inside the Docker container. Defaults to `9380`.
- `RAGFLOW-IMAGE`

>   The Docker image edition. Defaults to `infiniflow/ragflow:v0.24.0` (the RAGFlow Docker image without embedding models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Docker image edition. Defaults to `infiniflow/ragflow:v0.25.6` (the RAGFlow Docker image without embedding models).
```
